a cloud of black smoke drifts across
Southern Gaza
Skyline there is the familiar Buzz of
Israeli drones above the second biggest
city in the strip
hunas shelling hid the AL Manara
neighborhood and the City
Coast look at who Israel considers a
Target shouts this
man we were at home and all of a sudden
we were hit by missiles and the building
collapsed all of my family were trapped
under the rubble is this baby an enemy
Target is this innocent baby a target
for the Israeli military no matter what
they do to us we are holding our ground
we are not
leaving there is fighting in the
vicinity of Gaza largest remaining
functional medical facility Naser
hospital with dozens killed
overnight with the unrelenting assault
it's a scramble to get the help the dead
and wounded arrive by ambulance
others by whatever can carry
them Israeli forces are pushing further
south and have released footage they say
shows tunnel in KH unun where they
believe 20 of their captives were kipped
at some
point in the north sporadic gunfire
signals more violence
[Music]
there it's utter Devastation in jabalia
where a man returns to his home or what
has left of
it I came back to check on my home in
jabalia in the north of the Gaza Strip I
found it in Ruins totally destroyed
flatten to the ground there are not any
signs that there was once a home or
human beings living here Israel is
perpetrating methodical destruction we
are hit with a catastrophe another nakba
the da struggle for food and the need
for life-saving medical supplies
grow Mir has hepatitis A caused by
ingesting contaminated food or water she
has also had her arm
amputated I am sick I do not want to die
I am afraid it is difficult to find food
or water there is no fresh water only
salty more importantly I am sick and
cannot find medicine the clinic has
closed its doors there is no end to the
suffering as more body bags are
filled there has been more violence
throughout the Gaza Strip with Israeli
forces targeting buildings in jabalia in
the north right through to Khan Yunis in
the South even RAF right on the southern
border of the strip with more than a
million displaced Palestinians are
Sheltering is not spared H Mahmud Al
jaaz Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer